DSMS system
C files
-	sg.c: stream generator, which reads input from a file and then output one line periodically to be 
  read by dsms.c to build the database. To be specific, it requires the process ID of dsms.c in order 
  to send file and signal to build the database. More specific information can be found on sg.txt, 
  which is the testing result and it records the whole execution process of sg.c.

-	dsms.c: data stream management system, it first reads from a config file to get the information required
  to set up the database, including the name of the database, where to read when receive different signals. 
  When it receives signals from sg.c, then it reads command from output file generated by sg.c periodically. 
  It also allows users to insert data to database and users can also read the content of the database by entering 
  different SQL commands. However, users can insert data to database if and only if when they logged in to the 
  terminal, they change the mode of the database, otherwise they will get an error message of “read-only”. 
  They will need to enter the following command in order to insert data to the database: “chmod 777 <db.folder>”.

TXT files. (optional files for execution)
-	config.txt: information required to set up the database.
-	rates.txt: input source of SIGUSR1.
-	info.txt: input source of SIGUSR2.
-	dsms.txt: testing results and demonstration of dsms.c working process.
-	sg.txt: testing results and demonstration of sg.c working process.

One MakeFile: to compile programs before execution.

To execute the systems, first execute dsms by entering “./dsms config.txt”, then uses “ps” to get the process 
  id of dsms, then opens a new terminal window, 
  type in “./sg <inputFile> <data_period> <outputFile> <interrupt_number> <process_ID_of DSMS>.
